Proofing pass over Troubleshooting and How it Works (#2653)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: embedded-wallets/troubleshooting/README.mdx

import Tiles from '@theme/Tiles'

MetaMask Embedded Wallets (formerly Web3Auth) offers SDKs for various libraries across multiple platforms and devices. Thanks to our vibrant community of developers and their various implementations, we have collated some of the top-asked questions as guides to help you quickly understand and figure out some edge cases in the implementations.

If you're still facing errors, you can always ask for help via the following channels:

- Look at our [Embedded Wallets Community](https://web3auth.io/community/) to see if anyone has any questions or issues you might be having.

> - Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/web3auth) community and get private integration support or help with your integration.

Author: @yashovardhan I tried this and am getting "expired/invalid"

> - Browse our [Embedded Wallets Community](https://web3auth.io/community/) to see if anyone has any questions or issues you might be having.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browse our [Embedded Wallets Community](https://builder.metamask.io/c/embedded-wallets/5) to see if anyone has any questions or issues you might be having.
```
